---
byLine: ''
layout: blog-page
filter: track
title: Everyone Has a Plane Story
date: 2018-06-08 13:54:01 -0400
published: false
---
Today our team really had to live out our norm of flexibility being the best ability. We started the day with discipleship time and then packed up and headed to the air port. By nature I am a very friendly, chatty, outgoing person and love making new friends on plane rides. We used a book for discipleship called "God Space" by Doug Polluck and he suggests using those plane rides to create space to share about the hope you have in Jesus. He also says these conversations often happen when you don't always want them. This was the case for me on our flight to Chicago. All I wanted to do was work and get things done so I could be better prepared for our discipleship time in country. However God had other plans! Our plane was delayed 30+ minutes so we were stuck on the tarmac waiting to take off for what felt like forever. And during this waiting time I was chatting with our team, playing games, and not really talking to the man next to me; all the while waiting for our plane to take off so that I could work. When we were finally ready for take off, he asked me where we were going and my first thought was...I'm not going to get any work done on this flight. But, I quickly shook off my feelings of disappointment and decided to rely on the Holy Spirit to guide my conversation with this man on the plane.

     God continually shows me that He is so good and that His ways are so much greater than mine. This conversation on the plane with this man, Mark, was so incredibly life giving. We started by talking about where we were both going. I told him all about AIA, our track tour, and what we hoped to do in the Canary Islands. He of course had many questions; such as what events we did, where we were from, why we did not get paid, how could we afford to get there, etc.  After I answered all of his questions I asked him where he was going. He was a hog feed seller from the Filipines and was going to a hog convention in Iowa. I was fascinated by this and told him that my dad's family is from the Filipines. So he taught me a lot about Filipino culture and his family's history. I then asked about the spirituality of the Filipines and learned that most were Catholic, but only because their parents make them. This lead to a very natural transition of asking what he would believe in if he could pick, and he didn't know. So, with the power of the Holy Spirit I was able to connect the things I shared about AIA and why we were going to the Canary Islands to my hope in Jesus and he thought that what we believe was really interesting. I am so happy that I was unable to work on that flight and instead was used by the Lord to maybe be one of many interactions to move this man closer to a relationship with Him.

     The rest of our travel day was not so pleasant. Because we were delayed on our first flight we missed our flight to Madrid and had to fly out 5 hours later to Barcelona. And then get a different flight to Tenerife. This made our travel day really exhausting. But all the delays were a small price to pay for telling someone about the glory and power of our God.

-Lauren, for the team

"But in your hearts revere Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect.