---
title: Careers
layout: careers
permalink: /careers/positions/headquarters/creative-connections
---
<h1 class="p1">Digital Strategies Positions</h1><h2 class="p1">(Communications/IT/Media)</h2><p class="p2"></p><p class="p2"></p><p class="p2"></p><p class="p3">In order for Athletes in Action to be truly effective at giving everyone a chance to hear the gospel, people must have the chance to catch a glimpse of how God is moving through the platform of sports. That&rsquo;s why we need you.</p><p class="p2"></p><p class="p2"></p><p class="p3">With AIA, you can use your creative skills to make an eternal impact by helping others catch a vision for how reaching athletes can change the world. We&rsquo;re looking for an independent-thinking person with an eye for design and composition.</p><p class="p2"></p><h2 class="p3"><span class="s1">Writer</span></h2><p class="p3">Responsible for using the written word to express ideas or tell a story. Create content using various multimedia formats that can be read, listened to or viewed on-screen. Apply your communications/journalism expertise in various internal and external projects. This may include conducting interviews and writing content for communication outlets such as AIA News, brochures, athletes&rsquo; and coaches&rsquo; faith stories on BeyondTheUltimate.com, sports trading cards, video scripts, development pieces, press releases, etc. You will work closely with other writers, graphic artists and staff members.</p><h2 class="p3"></h2><h2 class="p3"><span class="s1">Graphic Designer</span></h2><p class="p3">Create informational brochures, testimonial pieces, package designs, ministry tools, event invitations and other publications (internal and external). MacOS, InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator experience are required. Responsibilities include securing printing quotes and overseeing completion of jobs through the printing process (both coordination and color-proofing). Maintain vendor relationships and help evaluate vendor selection. Work closely with other graphic artists, writers and staff members. Some work is under deadline pressure.</p><h2 class="p3"></h2><h2 class="p3"><span class="s1">Video Producer&nbsp;</span></h2><p class="p3">Produce internal and external ministry products, including segments for the World Cup, Olympics, Super Bowl, etc. Help craft AIA films and segments &ndash; many of which will be distributed worldwide &ndash; to aid in exposing millions to the gospel. Assist with recruiting staff members and addressing AIA&rsquo;s corporate production needs. Previous video experience and knowledge of Final Cut Pro, Final Cut X, &nbsp;or &nbsp;Adobe Premiere are required, as well as the ability to learn After Effects. Familiarity with lighting and modern cameras/technology is preferred. Work closely with other graphic artists, writers and other staff members. Some of your work will take place under deadline pressure.</p><h2 class="p3"></h2><h2 class="p3"><span class="s1">Photographer</span></h2><p class="p3">Utilize your photography skills in a variety of platforms throughout AIA by photographing events like the Super Bowl Breakfast, Legends of the Hardwood Breakfast, board meetings, athlete retreats, staff events and more. Provide photographs for promotional fliers, notebooks, websites, memorabilia, brochures, banners, etc. Edit and organize photos in a digital asset management system to easily track images. Work closely with other graphic artists, writers and other staff members. Photography equipment and software can be provided if necessary.</p><h2 class="p2"></h2><h2 class="p2">Social Media Coordinator&nbsp;</h2><p class="p3">Responsible for daily posts/tweets to all applicable social media outlets. Other duties include tracking social media influence measurements, partnering with other departments to ensure proper online messaging and relevancy, ensuring consistency of messages across multiple networks, preparing reports to update internal staff on usage statistics, and continuous monitoring and coverage of all sites. The right candidate will have a degree in marketing, journalism or new media, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills (including proofreading), and have expert knowledge of social networking channels.</p><h2 class="p3"></h2><h2 class="p3">IT Help Desk Support&nbsp;</h2><p>Assists end users in resolving hardware and software issues by fielding telephone calls and email communication, diagnosing problems and performing troubleshooting activities. Documents, tracks and monitors the problem to facilitate a timely resolution. Relies on established guidelines and instructions to perform daily job functions. Works under immediate supervision. May require an associate&rsquo;s degree in a related area and some experience.&nbsp;</p><p class="p5"></p><p class="p5">Because AIA is a faith-based organization, potential staff members must meet unique qualifications. Learn more <a href="/careers/qualifications">here</a>.&nbsp;</p><p class="p6"></p><p class="p7">Please <a href="mailto:recruiting@athletesinaction.org">contact us</a> for more information about positions with the Creative Connections department.</p>