---
title: Careers - Sports Complex
layout: careers
permalink: /careers/positions/headquarters/retreat-center-sports-complex
---
<p></p><h1 class="p1">Total Athlete Complex (TAC) Positions</h1><h2 class="p1">(formerly Sports Complex and Retreat Center)</h2><h1 class="p2"></h1><p></p><p class="p3">Tens of thousands of people visit the AIA Total Athlete Complex (TAC) each year. Through a position with the TAC, you can transform a conference or soccer game into a life-changing event by exposing fans and guests to the hope of Jesus.<br /><br /></p><p class="p3">Could you be the person to fill one of these strategic roles?<br /><br /></p><h2>Challenge Course Director</h2><p>AIA has a low and high ropes course that is part of our sports complex and is used for team building as well as leadership and character development with various teams or groups ranging from middle-school ages up through adults. As the Challenge Course director, you would be a part of our overall sports complex and retreat center team that oversees the operations and ministry at our facilities. Your main responsibilities will be to manage all aspects of running our challenge course.<br /><br /></p><h2 class="p3">Ministry Strategist</h2><p class="p3">You will be responsible for creating and implementing a strategic ministry plan targeted to a specific audience across a variety of events.<br /><br /></p><h2 class="p3">Marketing Strategist</h2><p class="p3">You will create a marketing plan to attract strategic groups to the TAC under the categories of practices, games, sports camps, retreats, team building events and tournaments.<br /><br /></p><p class="p3"></p><h2 class="p2">Operations Team</h2><p>You can be a part of a team responsible for the utilization and maintenance of all our facilities.&nbsp;You&rsquo;ll also ensure tenant satisfaction with facilities, while supporting marketing and promotion of available property for potential tenants, with the goal of maintaining full occupancy and maximizing facility use.<br /><br /></p><h2 class="p3">Volunteer Coordinator/Community Development</h2><p>You will recruit and develop a team of local volunteers to assist with ongoing TAC needs, implementing a strategy for your team&rsquo;s personal and ministry development. Your responsibilities will also include developing and maintaining key relationships within the local community.</p><p class="p3"></p><p class="p3">Because AIA is a faith-based organization, potential staff members must meet unique qualifications. Learn more <a href="http://dev.athletesinaction.org/careers/qualifications"><span class="s2">here</span></a> <br /><br /></p><p class="p3">Please <a href="mailto:erin.wellman@athletesinaction.org">contact us</a> <a href="mailto:donna.newman@athletesinaction.org"><span class="s2"></span></a> for more information about Total Athlete Complex ministry positions.</p><p></p>