---
byLine: Poland Women's Basketball
layout: page
title: Touchdown Poland
date: 2018-05-26 23:00:15 -0400
---
Today our team began the day with breakfast and team time where we dove into life we get when we accept Christ into our life. we looked at I John 5:9-13 and broke down the freedom we can find when we make a decision to live a life that is committed to serving Christ and following Him. Following team time we ate lunch at a mall here in Warsaw before our game. We played against a local university team and it was a really cool experience. The team we played was comprised of women of all different ages and had been going to the school for a variety of years to get their education. After the game we had the opportunity to have a teammate share her testimony and were able to hear about the team and their upcoming tournament.The team introduced themselves and we prayed with them before we left.

​Having the ability to use a basketball to be a reflection of Jesus to people who cannot communicate in English is something that blows me away. We reflect him in our actions and the joy that radiates from us and we never have to say a word, it leaves me speechless. After the game we traveled to dinner and had some time to talk and fellowship as a group. Our team just met each other less than a week ago and it's amazing how you can see God's hand in orchestrating all of our steps to meet for this trip. Hearing my teammates profess their faith in Jesus and how He has been faithful to them through their lives is continuing to push me to want to grow deeper in my faith. I'm loving every second of being in Poland with my teammates.