---
title: Careers
layout: careers
permalink: /careers/aiainstitute
---
<h1>AIA Institute</h1><h2>What is the AIA Institute?</h2><p>The AIA Institute is a one year internship located at the AIA National Office for Sports TEAMs interns that runs from September through August.</p><p>Our <strong>Mission</strong> is: &ldquo;To be a premier sports ministry institute that will develop and equip lifelong laborers and leaders.&rdquo;<br />Our <strong>Vision</strong> is to: &ldquo;See generations of Christ-centered pioneering leaders everywhere!&rdquo;<br />Our <strong>Values</strong> are:</p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &bull;&nbsp; Personal and professional <strong>&ldquo;Growth&rdquo;</strong><br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &bull;&nbsp; Working and relaxing together in Christ centered <strong>&ldquo;Community&rdquo;</strong><br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &bull;&nbsp; Doing all we do with <strong>&ldquo;Excellence&rdquo;</strong></p><p></p><p>Experience <strong>&ldquo;Growth&rdquo;</strong> personally and professionally similar to this:<em><br />&ldquo;My favorite part of the academy is when we can exchange thoughts with people from different parts of the world, with different cultures and different languages. The academy is very interesting in the opportunity that it gives me for personal and professional growth." &ndash; Victor, International Coaches Academy hosted at our National Office.</em></p><p><em><br /></em>Develop <strong>&ldquo;Community&rdquo;</strong> as you work and play:<em><br />&ldquo;I have been here for less than two months, but it&rsquo;s hard for me to imagine leaving here and all of the important people that have taken such a special place in my heart&hellip;The tiny town of Xenia, Ohio has become another home to me thanks to all the people that God has placed in my life.&rdquo; &ndash; Marykate, X-Project Intern at our National Office.</em></p><p><br />Attempt <strong>&ldquo;Excellence&rdquo;</strong> as you are developed and equipped:<em><br />&ldquo;God has challenged me to pursue excellence in so many areas of my life this summer&hellip;This has encouraged me as I prepare to move back home and I look forward to see how God applies and continues to challenge me with these lessons in the future.&rdquo; &ndash; Ben, X-Project Intern at our National Office.</em></p><h2>International Opportunity</h2><p>Your internship experience includes a Sports Team Competing Tour and/or Steps of Jesus Israel Tour.</p><h2>Application Information</h2><p>Are you the kind of person who is serious about your spiritual, personal, and professional growth? Do you want to refine or develop skills that will equip you to be a lifelong laborer and leader for Christ? Then now is the time to take the next step in your life&rsquo;s journey.</p><p><br />Please return to the <a href="/careers/intern">Intern Applicants</a> page for information and instructions about how to apply.<br /><strong>NOTE:</strong> Application process can take 4-5 weeks to complete and must be completed by March 1st so start early! Once you start the online application on page one select the following in the initial 3 drop down menus: 1. US Intern, 2. Athletes in Action, 3. National Office. <br />&nbsp;</p><h2>Additional Information</h2><p>We provide fund development training at our Kingdom Called Intern Training weekend in April.<br /><br />Please contact <a href="mailto:ed.gersch@athletesinaction.org">Ed Gersch</a> or call 937-352-1072 for more information.</p>