---
title: Careers
layout: careers
permalink: /careers/married-individual-applicants
---
<h1>Married with Non-Staff Spouse</h1><p>A Pre-Application Questionnaire is required before you begin the application process for this new staff category to help us better assist you. <strong>Click <a href="/uploads/careers/PreApp%20questionnaire.docx">here</a> to download the questionnaire.</strong></p><p><strong>Consider the benefits of joining AIA with your spouse....</strong></p><p></p><ul><li>Working together vocationally in the mission contributes to like-mindedness.</li></ul><p></p><p></p><ul><li>Cru&rsquo;s family values allow flexibility and appropriate freedom for moms with dependent children and aging parents when spouses serve together.</li></ul><p></p><p></p><ul><li>There is added simplicity when organizing a family schedule without adding the complexity of another job&rsquo;s demands.</li></ul><p></p><p></p><ul><li>At Cru/AIA, our commonness of purpose is also expressed in our work away from our primary ministry assignment. Families often travel together to attend conferences and ministry retreats, all of which contributes to their children&rsquo;s spiritual growth. When old enough, the children of staff members experience natural opportunities to engage in ministry themselves.</li></ul><p></p><p></p><ul><li>There is greater freedom to pull away as a couple and minister together in a variety of locations around the world when both serve as staff members. Travel on STINT or short-term mission trips would likely be hindered if the other spouse has job responsibilities.</li></ul><p></p><p></p><ul><li>Cru&rsquo;s healthcare is some of the best care provided. As missionary staff members we are afforded the opportunity to reimburse out-of-pocket healthcare expenses without having our salary reduced.</li></ul><p></p><p></p><ul><li>Because we view staff couples more as a family unit than as two individuals, the income potential for the spouse who is primarily caring for their children is unusually high.</li></ul><p></p><p></p><h2>Financial Implications</h2><p>The spouse who is coming on staff is only eligible for a single staff member salary. The single staff member salary range is based on several factors, primarily age, geographic location and years on staff. For example, the general annual salary range for an individual based solely on age is from $21-28K (under 30); $26-40K (30&rsquo;s); $35-50K (40+). Higher salaries are possible up to a maximum of $70K for those who are eligible.</p><p></p><h2>Placement</h2><p>Staff member applicants are given the opportunity to select their top several choices for ministry assignment and regional placement. We strongly take into consideration the applicant&rsquo;s request but ultimately placement is determined at AIA&rsquo;s discretion. If you are &ldquo;anchored&rdquo; to your current location for any reason, there is a chance that we will not be able to accept you as a staff member if we do not have a suitable ministry position where you are located. Aside from college campuses, most ministry placements within AIA are to our national headquarters and would require a move to Xenia, Ohio.</p><h2>Benefits</h2><p>All full-time staff members are required to participate in our healthcare plan, even if it would be less expensive for a staff member to be a part of a spouse&rsquo;s plan. Your spouse and dependents would be eligible to participate in our healthcare plan at an additional cost, which will be charged to your staff account. If your family is covered on our plan, you will be able to reimburse your children&rsquo;s out-of-pocket healthcare expenses, but you will not be able to reimburse your spouse&rsquo;s out-of-pocket expenses, whether or not he or she is a part of our plan.</p><h2>Life Insurance</h2><p>Since you would be considered a single staff member, you will receive $50,000 of life insurance coverage. You can purchase additional life insurance through Cru&rsquo;s voluntary program. <br />Time on ministry trips: There may be a need for you to go on extended ministry trips. Typically you would not be away from your spouse for more than 14 days at a time.</p><h2>Requirements for non-staff spouses</h2><ol><li>Because a husband and wife are a team, even if only one is joining the staff of Cru/AIA, there are several documents we will ask the spouse who is not coming on our staff to complete and return to us prior to the applicant spouse&rsquo;s acceptance on our staff.</li><li>The non-staff member spouse will be asked to attend a national conference once every three years. This could be the AIA conference in Xenia or the Cru national conference. These alternate each year.</li><li>The non-staff member spouse will be asked to have a follow up conversation each year with the staff member&rsquo;s supervisor to see how they are doing under this new status.</li></ol><h2>Training</h2><p>All additional training requirements mentioned on our website apply.</p><p><strong>For further information please contact <a href="mailto:pat.lower@athletesinaction.org">Pat Lower</a>.</strong></p>